Massive documentation fixes + copy editing (#15747)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/testament.rst

* As you can see the "Spec" is just a ``discard """ """``.

> * Spec has sane defaults, so you don't need to provide them all, any simple assert will work Ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Spec has sane defaults, so you don't need to provide them all, any simple assert will work just fine.
```
